Gabriel Lundgren
Nathan Maynard

1.			Import sound file and add tag

		User recorded an audio clip of his friend, Jess. He wants to add the clip to the soundboard application so sometime
later he can play it back to his friend. User launches the application and imports the sound by clicking "import sound". 
A window opens and asks for the sounds name in the application. The menu also gives the option to add tags to the
sound file. User wants to categorize future sounds of his friend Jess, so he clicks the "Create New Tag" button and writes
'#Jess' as the tag name and then clicks the 'Create' button. Now user clicks "Add Tag" and selects '#Jess'. Then user
clicks the 'Finish' button to finish importing the sound.


2.			Adjust drawnover app position

		User doesn't like the position of the soundboard over their fullscreen game of Apex Legends. It would be blocking the
map when playing a match. User minimizes the game and switches over to the Soundboard Application. User then clicks the 
"File" tab in the top left of the application. Then, they select the "Customize" submenu item and then choose from a list of customization options
available to them. They want to move the drawn-over Soundboard window slightly to the right of the map, so the user
needs to select "Location" then "Advanced", which opens two text boxes labeled "x:" and "y:" with values 20, 20 (20 
pixels from left, 20 pixels from top). To move the drawn-over window, the user changes the x value from 20 to 150.
Now the in-game window should have shifted to the right by 130 pixels.


3.			Adjust opacity

		User doesn't like the drawn-over window being so transparent. User opens "File" tab then selects the submenu
item "Customize". From there, they select the option "Opacity". Upon clicking, a popup slider with the current value on
the right appears. They adjust the value to be 70% to make it more visible and close the popup.  


4.			Remove sound file

		User wants to delete one of their sounds from the application. They type the name of the sound into the search
bar to locate it. They click the sounds "Edit" button. A small menu showing the options "Change name", "Add tag",
and "Remove" appear. They select "Remove" and then the sound disappears from their application.


5.			Filter by tag and adjust volume

		User wants to blast a loud sound through their speakers. User types the tag '#horn' and finds one their favorite sounds:
"Sumburgh Foghorn". Before pressing play, they adjusts the volume to be at the maximum volume using the volume slider.
Then user presses play at which the person right next to user's subwoofer nearly falls out of the chair. As the audio clip
progressed, the slider bar, representing the length of the clip in seconds and minutes, moved from right to left.


6.			Change keybindings

		User doesn't like the default keybinds setup by the developers of the application. They prefer to use their number
pad for media controls. User navigates to the "Customize" menu item and selects "Keybinding", which opens a menu
showing all current keybinds for the application. Each keybind value is on a button, so when the user clicks on the button
for pausing the clip, a popup window opens asking the user to press whatever key on their keyboard to
assign the command to. After changing several other key bindings, they click "Ok" to close the "Keybinding"
window.


7.			Filter out option

		User has a kid in the room with them and they want to let the kid use the application, but they don't want  the child to play any
explicit sounds. They navigate to the ListBox containing "Filter" by default. They select "Filter Out" then type "#explicit"
into the TextBox next to the ListBox. Sounds with the tag #explicit are no longer shown in the ListBox.


8.		Toggle drawing over other applications

	User wants to stop the Soundboard application from drawing over their other windows. Luckily there is a keybind
for that, so all they need to do is hit the keybind which works like a toggle.


9.			Change color scheme

		User doesn't really take interest in the default color scheme of the application. They decide to change it, so they
navigate to the "Schemes" menu item by clicking "File", then "Customization". After looking through many schemes
provided by the developers, they select "Retro" to give the application an older look. Now they are enjoying their 
soundboard in style.


10.		Rename file

		User realized they forgot to rename a sound file when they imported it so they do not know what the sound is. they 
can play the sound to determine what it is, right click and press "rename" to give it a new name. Then the user can right
click and press "add tags" to organize the file better. 